has me against s and I got a really cool
mask and to show you and it is really
cool and I measure it to you right now
this is the lizard mask and as nice to
mask its hands and feet and it's not a
fool costume move it first I'm going to
show you the lamb's wool the mask is
like this it's real big and this still
around what a $19.00 of things yeah and
from the amazing spider-man movie which
came out in 2012 and it is a really cool
movie and added on DVD and today really
really cool if it's one of her primary
movies actually and it is a really
really really really cool movie and one
of my favorite characters in it was the
lizard and I got this cool mask of them
for my birthday
and it is real cool and it's got black
um designer on to look like uh like
their shading on his scales are on it
has the scale details and stuff and it's
got a split of the back as you can see
and it's got always great carving system
that's got the eyes and stuff like that
and it's got some of the neck on it too
and I think it is a really cool mask and
the inside has a piece of foam in there
and the nose area you can kind of go and
like that
I really really cool mask I think it's a
really and and it sells on adult size
for that mention which is nineteen
dollars and you can also get some hands
to go with it I got these for my
birthday too
we want these big giant hands and it's
like that on that scale and stuff and
it's got the fingers and stuff like that
and that's good it's finger sharp
fingernails and stuff the shading and
stuff like that it's dark dark dark
green and it's like dozen this is like a
painted skin color some shading on it
and it looks like flesh colored and then
it's the same thing on this hand except
on the tan these two things you're stuck
together because if you haven't seen the
movie and the movie in spirit it is the
two of his fingers are stuck together
the catches experiment went wrong but it
but everything wasn't perfect when
turned in time wizard so if you haven't
seen it and if you don't know that his
fingers stick together watch it because
you need to I know that if you get these
they didn't just mess it up in the time
when they were just making it and then
accidentally stuck together when they
were making the white X hang up and then
these feet are just latex and they're
just like latex shoe covers and then I
got the ten nails and stuff in the scale
it's real real real cool and it's got
all those skills and stuff and the
shading and stuff like that and you can
put shoes on under it and then it's got
the black stripe right there with some
belt right there do you keep your foot
in there and you just wear these and
they're really really really cool and
they total with these is like $28 I
think for me and for the hands
they sell around for $25 I think 19 to
29 dollars for the hands and the feet
for the mask it's $19 said the total
should be around like let's say a 70 to
80 dollars for the entire soil and if
you want really like the wizard for
amazing star and I think you should go
for it and it is really really cool and
I just think it's a really cool thing
and again I want some stuff sales from
20 to 30 dollars but the total would be
like seventy to eighty dollars kind of
high but worth it for this much and it's
really cool so I guess I'll see you
again next time bye